well does the third day of quarterfinals
with coverage presented by mobile lytx
didn't mess up my first try on this
intro yeah it did not nobody saw that it
was edited I am joined right now by a
Mac slur the day after what some would
consider a very very exciting match but
I know for you guys was a little
crushing let's talk about this because
one what was interesting was I expected
you guys to be at the start of the day I
was like alright SKT chances are great
but they'll probably do an interview
because they're going into it with
pretty positive mood unfortunately like
you guys were seemingly pretty upset
afterwards was it was it just more tough
because you got so close and then
weren't able to finish that last game
well I guess it was I can make sure
things because well we should have
ungood have won if we played better like
we messed up once in game four and then
it was over and Game five it was like
there was just mistakes that we wouldn't
have normally made and I gotta start the
day like I said to my team we will win
no matter what and I don't just say that
as BS I actually just believe in myself
and believe in the team and so it's
really heartbreaking to to lose yeah
so I mean each so you were not surprised
then if you if you believed so much in
yourself by the way the crowds going
crazy right now because our Angie's
wedding but the you were not surprised
by what went down with how successful
you guys were against SKT it sounds like
well yeah SKT have shown like massive
issues in the early game and we were we
we are a team that has really good idea
game and so I actually hope to get
matched in test kt and like for the
draws four quarterfinals before they
maybe improve and get even better and if
we met them in Sammy's or finals if they
improved in everything then maybe we
might not have gotten like all these ID
leads that we did yeah we definitely
went into it thinking that we could win
that's really excited because I feel
like a lot of people would look at SK
team to say oh man like three-time world
champions like they've got faker best
player to ever play they are just
unstoppable it must have been very
intimidate or it might be very
intimidating for many people but for you
guys you felt confident
yourselves well we all knew that if we
went into the game with that mindset of
all the Koreans are just better than us
or it's SKT oh my god and fakers of God
they make no mistakes then we're not
going to be proactive at all and we have
zero chance of winning if we don't
believe we can win so going into the
game with the mindset of we can win it
doesn't matter who we are playing just
turn nameplates off and they're just
human beings made like that we would
just play in scrims or another
competition they'll make mistakes we
just have to be proactive and forced
them how proud are you in Miss for
misfits I'm sure you quite a bit but it
does seem as though you guys exceeded
everyone's expectations not just in
yesterday and the matches but a lot of
people didn't have you getting into
quarters and I mean it just it's very
impressive I think your guys's run well
I already said coming into Worlds that
I'm here to win so like I'm extremely
happy with the fans reaction to how well
we've done and all the support we've
received however and I am proud of my
teammates performance and everyone's
performance but I'm not proud of my own
I know that I could have done a lot
better and if I was the best player in
the world and I want to become the best
player in the world then we would have
won and I didn't so I have a lot to work
on for next year now what what happens
for you guys you know some of your
teammates going back tonight
I don't know if you are you were on the
analyst us just now but what is the next
couple of weeks look like well I want to
go back home probably tomorrow and I'm
gonna throw out some problems I have
like sleeping issues and other stuff I'm
also going to not take a break from me
I'm gonna try streaming because I think
it's gonna be pretty fun during
offseason to just chill or not and turn
off like the competitive side in your
brain waking up every morning thinking
of League like how can I get better how
can I get better all this just try to
relax myself and not think about that
for two weeks just reduce the stress
levels and everything I want to try get
into like a bit of sport or maybe like
change the competitive mindset of myself
from leaked just learning another game a
real-life game and I think will be
really fun maybe have you picture sport
yet yeah I'm feeling like basketball
football or soccer
for people like you and any fans soccer
basketball table tennis maybe I'll start
tennis again nice playful I paid like
four seven years
table tennis or tennis both I love both
hands hitting hit yeah hitting a ball
with your hand is very nice
yeah like juggling balls as well like
it's all great and I was thinking of
like I know I'm short but like maybe
trying volleyball because it seems
pretty interesting as well these all
your considerations are you trying all
these things because I'll see how did of
you do is I've seen citizen dot that log
of legal legends remember the I I'm a
fast learner okay yeah I mean I think
you will need to be if you're here they
go through all that stuff I mean do
people play all that stuff in the winter
and the UK I don't know there's indoor
stuff right but but I mean it's UK right
we're used to the cold so we probably
have venues for this stuff however I
mean it's like I hate going to the like
okay gym is okay right it's really
boring so if I was to go to a gym it
would be only for like swimming because
I'll swing or for like competition like
competition drives me right so I'd go
for like quality boys I said all these
sports just try out and it's gonna force
myself to get more fit and just see how
far I can go yeah okay a little bit of
real talk I know you can't talk too much
but about this but I am very curious are
you concerned about this roster staying
together for next year because I mean
during the offseason like one of the
things that sucks is we see this crazy
cool story misfits exceeds expectations
you guys look really great against SKT
and it already sucks for a lot of fans
whenever it's like and then the band
disbanded you know like everybody went
their own way so are you worried at all
about this or do you have any thoughts
on it I feel like if people have issues
of each other in the team or people want
to leave then it's like completely like
we're all five really good friends and
we're completely open with each other
and that's probably the biggest strength
of our team because we had we had
weaknesses and sorry we have weaknesses
as a team and we were able to instead of
focusing on our weaknesses just go for
our strengths and play champions and
play
a way that benefits us the most and
that's why we were able to go so far so
maybe like next year we can do the same
if we say together and I know just
whatever the huge future holds I'm not
worried for myself and I'm not worried
for if there are roster changes for my
teammates because they're all great
players and have good mindsets but I
have a team I mean I'm gonna make sure
it succeeds more yeah now hey one of the
things I did see on the subreddit last
night that I think the thread got
removed eventually but it was basically
about you know winner I think it was
after the third game it was something
like win or lose misfits has made me
very excited watching LCS next year and
it made so much negativity about the
region is do you feel as though you've
helped in a way kind of redeem or I'll
add more energy or more fire passion for
the EU LCS fans for what the the team
and the region is capable of yeah for
sure we did because I don't know after
revivals after we lost to na it's like
it's almost like EU had nothing of any
of a region not it's like harsh the same
like of course we had some things but
I'm just giving like a narrative kind of
felt like yeah because like everyone was
like a you know personality and now
apparently we sucked and that I mean
that's it right that's all you need for
a region to just be like irrelevant and
there was already bad you and I was no
I'm playing like special stuff right so
it's not like gam where they're not in
like the greatest region but their
gameplay is like always really fun to
watch so I guess in that sense you could
say that
EU was not as exciting as maybe other
regions also because na like to throw a
lot and we don't sorry but yeah it feels
good to like to hear the fans reaction
and say like EU is a lot better like
they're willing to watch EU more and
invest more because fans support fast
players even though we care about
winning and we might say that we don't
care what the fans say at the end of day
is really nice to hear someone say you
know good job you did really great today
or I love watching you play like that
stuff is really really nice to hear yeah
well you're in a stream what is your a
twitch channel twitch TV
max'll okay I have a secret one but like
it's pretty cringy and okay yeah we'll
just go that's someone you're gonna
stream on right that's okay yeah so I
mean I guess I'll say you can you can go
on a mission with your stream to prove
once once and for all that EU has
personality and and that kind of thing
because I think I mean I do think a lot
of people wish that you player stream
water so it's exciting to hear you're in
a stream or well I don't know what
you're getting at with like streaming to
show that we have personality I mean I
checked eBay the other day and they
weren't selling this personality thing
you were talking about it's pretty
unfortunate but hopefully I can check
Amazon or someone website and they can
saw me some of that and then I can show
it off on stream yeah yeah that would be
good if you could just get some personal
you know I mean I just mean I
what consistently happens is I like to
meme a lot but I do think that the
audience often says this whole thing
about you know having personality this
is the first time you know I met but
from our first interview and in my other
interactions with you so you certainly
seem like you're so because personality
so it's always very confusing to me when
I hear the narrative and then I
consistently meet people like you and
reckless and power of evil that make
jokes and it could be funny and see all
the stuff and decide they wanted to pick
up ten different sports during their
two-month break like it's just it's nice
to see I guess some of that stuff thrown
out the window whenever I meet you so
anyway nice to meet you is there
anything you would like to say to any of
the fans as we've secretly crept over to
the side without my producer here yeah
you're missing him now I would like to
say thank you for all of your support it
makes me really happy that you're
supporting me so much and hearing all
the great things you all have to say but
and I'm not saying this to make you stop
supporting me but it makes me also sad
that I let you all down and we don't win
world so next year or next international
event whatever team I'm on I'll make
sure we've been very good well thank you
so much for the interview for evan also
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things worlds right here
on my youtube channel i want to thank
you all so much for the kind words and
support about my videos here in china
i've been trying to put out a ton of
great stuff and you know what it
wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for my
sponsor mobile it excited at lea legends
by identifying your personal strengths
and weaknesses and you can actually
check them out over at mobile
like shot GG / Travis they're also
running a great giveaway that's in the
description of this video so feel free
to check them out